README.md, before:

# osu!rank
Small open-source utility to show your rank or compare two players without the need to open the website

Requires you to use your own API key, available [here](http://osu.ppy.sh/p/api). Just fill in whatever name and website, it's automated)

Our discord server is located right [here](https://discord.gg/Uydavrp). Come and say hi (or drop some feedback)! 

[osu!forums topic](https://osu.ppy.sh/forum/t/478865)
What it can do
--------------
### Check your own stats:
* Rank and country rank
* Performance points
* Ranked and total score
* Your level and experience
* Your play count
* Your SS/S/A
* Your UID <-- mainly to fill the space, but just in case it can still be useful

### Compare two players on:
* Rank
* Ranked and total scores
* Accuracy
* Playcount
* Performance points

It also displays the avatar of the user.

What it doesn't do (but might happen)
------------------------------------
* Retrieve your top plays
* Check for multiple users at once

What it won't ever do
---------------------
* Compare more than two players (looks quite hard to implement the way i'm doing things)

Commit message:

Added build instructions to README for curious beings

README.md, after:

# osu!rank
Small open-source utility to show your rank or compare two players without the need to open the website

Requires you to use your own API key, available [here](http://osu.ppy.sh/p/api). Just fill in whatever name and website, it's automated)

Our discord server is located right [here](https://discord.gg/Uydavrp). Come and say hi (or drop some feedback)! 

[osu!forums topic](https://osu.ppy.sh/forum/t/478865)
What it can do
--------------
### Check your own stats:
* Rank and country rank
* Performance points
* Ranked and total score
* Your level and experience
* Your play count
* Your SS/S/A
* Your UID <-- mainly to fill the space, but just in case it can still be useful

### Compare two players on:
* Rank
* Ranked and total scores
* Accuracy
* Playcount
* Performance points

It also displays the avatar of the user.

What it doesn't do (but might happen)
------------------------------------
* Retrieve your top plays
* Check for multiple users at once

What it won't ever do
---------------------
* Compare more than two players (looks quite hard to implement the way i'm doing things)*

If you want to build yourself
-----------------------------
You'll need Visual Studio 2015 to open the solution
