osu-rank/osu-rank/Stringlists/README.md, before:

## How to translate:
* Look first if your language is in the table below.
* If it is, you can update it if its line isn't bolded
* Just translate all the files with an higher version number than the current one, then open an issue with translated strings
* If it's not there, just translate all the files. 
* [Open an issue](https://github.com/Jeremiidesu/osu-rank/issues) if you have a github account, otherwise fill up [this form](https://goo.gl/forms/YBbGcH07QCLvfBMw1) with the translations so I can add it into the program for the next update :)

## Translation support
A bolded line means the language is up to date.

| Language               | Translators           | Last updated version |
|------------------------|-----------------------|----------------------|
| **English**            | **Jeremiidesu**       | **4.3**              |
| **French**             | **Jeremiidesu**       | **4.3**              |
| **Italian**            | **LLoyd-chan**        | **4.3**              |
| Russian                | Killerbyte            | 4.0                  |
| Indonesian             | Alv                   | 4.0                  |
| Hungarian              | Zozimoto              | 4.0                  |
| **Portuguese (Brasil)**| **nh__, Tark**        | **4.3**              |
| Turkish                | oralekin              | 4.0                  |
| Spanish                | Yoshitake             | 4.0                  |
| German                 | guro                  | 4.0                  |
| Chinese (Simplified    | Karma, zheshenmeyouxi | 4.0                  |
| **Polish**             | **Zain Sugieres**     | **4.3**              |
| **Swedish**            | **- Kameyo -**        | **4.3**              |

Commit message:

Updated translations readme.md file

osu-rank/osu-rank/Stringlists/README.md, after:

## How to translate:
* Look first if your language is in the table below.
* If it is, you can update it if its line isn't bolded
* Just translate all the files with an higher version number than the current one, then open an issue with translated strings
* If it's not there, just translate all the files. 
### If you have a GitHub account, you can either...
* [Open an issue](https://github.com/Jeremiidesu/osu-rank/issues)
* Edit the file yourself and open a pull request
### If you don't have a GitHub account
* Fill up [this form](https://goo.gl/forms/YBbGcH07QCLvfBMw1) with the translations so I can add it into the program for the next update :)

## Translation support
A bolded line means the language is up to date.

| Language               | Translators           | Last updated version |
|------------------------|-----------------------|----------------------|
| **English**            | **Jeremiidesu**       | **4.3**              |
| **French**             | **Jeremiidesu**       | **4.3**              |
| **Italian**            | **LLoyd-chan**        | **4.3**              |
| Russian                | Killerbyte            | 4.0                  |
| Indonesian             | Alv                   | 4.0                  |
| **Hungarian**          | **Zozimoto**          | **4.3**              |
| **Portuguese (Brasil)**| **nh__, Tark**        | **4.3**              |
| Turkish                | oralekin              | 4.0                  |
| **Spanish**            | **Yoshitake**         | **4.3**              |
| German                 | guro                  | 4.0                  |
| Chinese (Simplified)   | Karma, zheshenmeyouxi | 4.0                  |
| **Polish**             | **Zain Sugieres**     | **4.3**              |
| **Swedish**            | **- Kameyo -**        | **4.3**              |
